---
layout: single 
title: “Style Is a Love Letter to the Self”
author_profile: true 
---
An Interview with Fleurévielle’s Most Enigmatic Fashion Muse: Marcelline Du Rosier

By Juliette Armand
September 2025 | The Icons Issue

She walks like a sigh in silk. Her signature scent is a blend of violet powder, antique leather, and a forgotten kiss. And when she speaks, the city of Fleurévielle listens.

I met Marcelline Du Rosier, celebrated designer, poet, and current Chair of the Maison de Muses, on the velvet balcony of her atelier in the Couture Quarter, surrounded by peony blooms and sketchbooks filled with secrets.

Dressed in a floor-length gown made from repurposed love letters and dyed with crushed blushberries, Marcelline is not just a fashion icon — she is Fleurévielle personified.

✨ The Interview

ÉM: Marcelline, the world describes Fleurévielle as the most romantic city in existence. How do you describe it?

Marcelline: Fleurévielle isn’t a city. It’s a feeling. A whispered confession. A place that understands the quiet ache of wanting to be seen — not in the loud way, but in the delicate way. Here, beauty isn’t worn; it’s remembered.

ÉM: Your designs often incorporate poetry, embroidery, even perfume. What inspires this fusion?

Marcelline: To me, a dress is not complete without emotion stitched into the seams. I believe in clothing that tells stories — that blushes when touched, that sighs when you walk. My latest collection was inspired by lost heirlooms and first dances. Every gown holds a secret only the wearer can unlock.

ÉM: You recently returned from the Ribbon Festival. What did you write on your ribbon?

Marcelline: “I forgive myself for the days I forgot I was made of light.” It’s important that fashion not only celebrates the body but also heals the heart.

ÉM: Many young designers look to you as a mentor. What advice would you give them?

Marcelline: Stop chasing trends. Instead, chase tenderness. Chase elegance. Chase the moment you first felt beautiful — and then create for her.

ÉM: What does the future of Fleurévielle fashion look like?

Marcelline: It glows. It floats. It weeps in satin and laughs in lace. The future is not fast — it is intentional. It’s a return to the art of getting dressed, not to impress others, but to remember who you are.

As we finished our tea, a soft rain began to fall — the kind that smells like petals and lands on silk without a sound. Marcelline simply smiled, stood, and let it touch her gown. “See?” she whispered. “Even the rain knows how to accessorize.”

Marcelline Du Rosier’s new collection, Souvenirs de Soie (“Memories of Silk”), debuts this month at the Runway Royale, Fleurévielle’s famed sunset fashion walk. Attendees are advised to wear soft pink, bring a poem, and leave their hearts open.